welcome back to recap in minutes in
today's video we will be going through
a 2021 horror thriller movie titled old
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the kapa family parents guy and prisca and their
kids maddox and trent are in a bus they arrive
at a fancy resort for a family vacation guy and
prisca are welcome with cocktails immediately
trent befriends a young boy named idlib after
settling into the room trent and iblib goes to
the beach and they do activities like ask other
resort patrons what their names and jobs are
later that night guy and prisca discuss that this
is just one last trip they wanted to give the kids
before they divorce which is made worse because
prisca is suffering from a tumor meanwhile maddox
and trent listen to their parent from their room
after they stop trent reads a message in special
code from iblib at breakfast a doctor named
charles is sitting with his young vain wife
Chrystal daughter kara and mother agnes nearby
a woman named patricia is having an epileptic
seizure which charles helps with while her husband
jarin also tries to help trent also spots idlib as
they made plans to hang out again that day but the
resort manager which is also idlib's uncle makes
him leave the area then he attends to the kapa
family and persuades them to come to a private
beach surrounded by stunning rocks he says he only
recommended to certain guests and they should make
it a secret the kapas plus charles and his family
all board a van that takes them to a private
beach they drive through an old gate where the
driver drops them a short distance to the beach
and tells them to walk down they would see the
beach and he will come to pick them in the evening
the families all walk through a slot
canyon and arrive at the beach and settle
there maddox recognizes a rapper mid-sized sedan
real name brendan who was earlier with a female
companion who went skinny dipping in the beach the
kids all play together while the adults lounge on
the sand the girls find old dolls buried in the
sand left behind by other kids trent swims by
a cave when he discovers the body of brendan's
companion apparently having drowned he screams
out of the water and the adults examine the body
while brendan is suffering from most bleeds and is
equally stunned at the discovery charles suspects
brendan of foul play though he maintains that the
woman only went for a swim and never came back not
long after agnes begins to fall short of breath
before she also dies charles believes she died
from shock as a result of seeing the murdered lady
john and patricia arrive at the beach as well
but the people who brought them are already gone
the kids also start to experience something weird
brendan explains to the adults that the woman
he was with had multiple sclerosis while he has
hemophilia which explains his constant nosebleeds
trent and maddox chats with jarin and
patricia by asking their names in occupation
jarlin asked the same plus their age trent
replies 6 while maddox 11. these two are shocked
and thinks the kids are playing jokes on them as
their appearances seem to be older than that then
prisca appears asking jorin and patricia where her
kids are the two responds then prisca recognizes
her kids who have suddenly aged up also guy comes
and sees his kids grown up several attempts are
made to leave the beach by going through the
rocks that close off the beach from the outside
but all the adults that attempt to pass through
field of pounding in their heads before they black
out and end up back on the beach they also notice
unusual things like when charles attacks brendan
with a knife the slash mark heals within seconds
the kids trent and maddox plus cara realize they
have grown older not long after brendan finds
that the body of the woman he was with has now
fully decomposed to nothing but bones within hours
making them realize that there is something tan
related occurring on the beach suddenly the
tumor and prisca's stomach starts to cause
her pain in distress the adults try to help her
with them feeling around for the tumor at first
and describing it as the size of a golf ball she
collapses and they proceed to perform a surgery
to remove the tumor which has grown to the size
of a cantaloupe the cut in prisca's stomach heals
rapidly after the procedure trent and kara
are seen under a tent and age up even more
what's more is that kara has somehow become
five months pregnant within a matter of minutes
the adults prepare themselves for the birth
which happens rather quickly but the baby dies
after a minute due to lack of attention also
time is moving too fast for a baby to survive
the other adults start to show more visible signs
of aging but Chrystal takes the process much
harder than the others charles starts to lose
his mind to schizophrenia leading him to stab
brendan to death the others take his weapon away
while trying to come up with an alternate plan of
escape knowing they can't go through the rocks
jarin attempts to swim to find a way out while
this happens maddox talks to prisca about whether
or not she and guy are splitting up brisket admits
that she was seeing another man although prisca
tries to explain herself maddox is angry with her
she goes out to the beach and attempts to be
strong and find a way out herself but she finds
jarin's body apparently having gone unconscious
and drowned leaving patricia devastated terent and
kara have a moment where kara complains they never
had memories like going for a prom or graduation
the two then bury their dead baby kara then
desperately tries to find a way out and starts
climbing up the rocks to try and make it to the
top but before she can make it high enough she
blacks out and falls to her death leaving trent
devastated charles has become fully mentally
deranged patricia also get desperate to swim out
the beach with tubes when she suffers a fatal
seizure while Chrystal is also losing her mind
at her rapid aging and declining physical state
she has grown a hunchback guy is also losing his
sight and prisca is noticeably grayer it is now
nighttime trent and maddox come across a notebook
left by a previous visitor with names and medical
conditions written down they also notice what
looks like people in the distance observing them
guy and prisca talk about the other man in
prisca's life with guy admitting he knew about him
and wished that he did more to keep their marriage
working but he also notes that the other guy is a
loser and that she deserves someone better later
charles then starts to attack guy and prisca
while trent and maddox are attacked by crystal
when they try to look at her she follows them
into the cave and her body becomes twisted and
contorted to horrible angles before she dies there
prisca then slashes charles with a rusty knife
causing an infection that rapidly spreads through
his body and kills him the kapas then gather
around the campfire and the beach guy is having
a hard time speaking and remembering things but he
essentially admits to prisca that he still loves
her just before he dies prisca then stands up
for a moment but collapses and dies by guy's side
while both kids mourn their parents in the morning
trent and maddox are now in their 50s playing with
sands like kids trent brings up a code that idlib
gave him which he deciphered and figured out means
my uncle doesn't like the coral they spot a coral
reef nearby and realize that it must be their way
out the two swim out there but maddox's clothing
gets stuck on the coral when the tuna resurfaced
the van driver that brought the families to the
beach reports to his bosses that all members of
trial 70 have perished it is then revealed that
the resort is a front for a medical research team
that lures people with medical conditions
to the beach in order to perform clinical
trials for life-saving drugs given to them in the
cocktails served upon arriving they know that the
beach speeds up the aging process so they reduce
the trials to a whole day for better results
they believe they cured patricia's epilepsy since
she didn't have a seizure for eight hours which
is equivalent to about 16 years on the beach the
resort manager and others attempt to poach their
latest victims until they are stopped by trent
and maddox who managed to free themselves from the
coral trent finds a man he spoke to when he was
still a kid knowing the man is a police officer he
hands the man the journal found on the beach which
details the names of many missing people and their
medical conditions idlib comes out and recognizes
trent even as an adult trent and maddox reveal the
truth to everyone while all the resort staff
realizes they are screwed authorities come to
arrest all the resort employees while the officer
takes trent and maddox to be with their aunt who
is not ready to see that her niece and nephew are
full-grown adults thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get notice when a new video is uploaded